[dotenv@17.2.1] injecting env (12) from .env -- tip: ≡ƒôí observe env with Radar: https://dotenvx.com/radar
node.exe : 
[31m[1mError[22m[39m 
[31m[1mHH606:[22m[39m 
The project cannot be 
compiled, see reasons below.
At C:\Users\nanda\AppData\Ro
aming\npm\npx.ps1:24 char:5
+     & "node$exe"  "$basedi
r/node_modules/npm/bin/npx-c
li.js" $args
+     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~
    + CategoryInfo          
    : NotSpecified: ([31m  
  [1mError... reasons b   
 elow.:String) [], Remot    
eException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId 
    : NativeCommandError
 

The Solidity version pragma 
statement in these files 
doesn't match any of the 
configured compilers in 
your config. Change the 
pragma or configure 
additional compiler 
versions in your hardhat 
config.

  * 
contracts/TestBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/TestUpgradeabl
e.sol (^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/TestImports.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/ZYLToken.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/TestERC20.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/OZTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/interfaces/IZY
LToken.sol (^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/SimpleBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/ImportTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/MinimalBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/ChainlinkTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/SimpleTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)

These files and its 
dependencies cannot be 
compiled with your config. 
This can happen because 
they have incompatible 
Solidity pragmas, or don't 
match any of your 
configured Solidity 
compilers.

  * contracts/Bridge.sol

  * 
contracts/ZelionBridge.sol
  * contracts/BridgeV2.sol

To learn more, run the 
command again with --verbose

Read about compiler 
configuration at 
https://hardhat.org/config

HardhatError: HH606: The 
project cannot be compiled, 
see reasons below.

The Solidity version pragma 
statement in these files 
doesn't match any of the 
configured compilers in 
your config. Change the 
pragma or configure 
additional compiler 
versions in your hardhat 
config.

  * 
contracts/TestBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/TestUpgradeabl
e.sol (^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/TestImports.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/ZYLToken.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/TestERC20.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/OZTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * contracts/interfaces/IZY
LToken.sol (^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/SimpleBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/ImportTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/MinimalBridge.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/ChainlinkTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)
  * 
contracts/SimpleTest.sol 
(^0.8.20)

These files and its 
dependencies cannot be 
compiled with your config. 
This can happen because 
they have incompatible 
Solidity pragmas, or don't 
match any of your 
configured Solidity 
compilers.

  * contracts/Bridge.sol
  * 
contracts/ZelionBridge.sol
  * contracts/BridgeV2.sol

To learn more, run the 
command again with --verbose

Read about compiler 
configuration at 
https://hardhat.org/config

    at 
SimpleTaskDefinition.action 
(C:\Users\nanda\Downloads\ze
lion\zelion-network\node_mod
ules\hardhat\src\builtin-tas
ks\compile.ts:1093:15)
    at Environment._runTaskD
efinition (C:\Users\nanda\Do
wnloads\zelion\zelion-networ
k\node_modules\hardhat\src\i
nternal\core\runtime-environ
ment.ts:351:14)
    at Environment.run (C:\U
sers\nanda\Downloads\zelion\
zelion-network\node_modules\
hardhat\src\internal\core\ru
ntime-environment.ts:184:14)
    at 
SimpleTaskDefinition.action 
(C:\Users\nanda\Downloads\ze
lion\zelion-network\node_mod
ules\hardhat\src\builtin-tas
ks\compile.ts:1415:7)
    at Environment._runTaskD
efinition (C:\Users\nanda\Do
wnloads\zelion\zelion-networ
k\node_modules\hardhat\src\i
nternal\core\runtime-environ
ment.ts:351:14)
    at Environment.run (C:\U
sers\nanda\Downloads\zelion\
zelion-network\node_modules\
hardhat\src\internal\core\ru
ntime-environment.ts:184:14)
    at 
SimpleTaskDefinition.action 
(C:\Users\nanda\Downloads\ze
lion\zelion-network\node_mod
ules\hardhat\src\builtin-tas
ks\compile.ts:1513:7)
    at Environment._runTaskD
efinition (C:\Users\nanda\Do
wnloads\zelion\zelion-networ
k\node_modules\hardhat\src\i
nternal\core\runtime-environ
ment.ts:351:14)
    at OverriddenTaskDefinit
ion._action (C:\Users\nanda\
Downloads\zelion\zelion-netw
ork\node_modules\@typechain\
hardhat\src\index.ts:23:5)
    at Environment._runTaskD
efinition (C:\Users\nanda\Do
wnloads\zelion\zelion-networ
k\node_modules\hardhat\src\i
nternal\core\runtime-environ
ment.ts:351:14)
